{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green26\blue30;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c13725\c15686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13040\viewh9980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 DT1 2023 : Enabling Technologies, Assignment 1 Florian Gerber
\fs24 \

\f1 \
I started the DT 1 Assignment with the following setup:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Git installed\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Docker installed\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Bubble setup \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Huggingface account created\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0 1. General installation
\f1 \
The first steps included to get an initial overview of the project by understanding the goal and drawing the architecture diagram (can be seen in \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
architecture-diagramm.pdf)\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 . Further i cloned the Github locally and generated the Docker image and pushed it. Then i created the API Key with Huggingface. No Problem so far.\
\

\f0 2. Create UI
\f1 \
Next I created the UI with the Bubble no-code software. I took the Chatbot from Josh\'92s tutorial as a template, from there on it was very easy to get this prepared. (Link:  https://youtu.be/ZMmG3HKvSS8?si=ln-IPfM7y9OLO-L7)\
\

\f0 3. Get the VM to run
\f1 \
This was by far the most challenging part. I first created my GCP Account and followed the steps using this tutorial (Link: https://www.pascallandau.com/blog/gcp-compute-instance-vm-docker/). There are different ways to access the created VM and i wanted to test the access via. terminal using my own created ssh-keys, you can find them in the repository. Installing Docker and running the image did not lead to any issues. \
\

\f0 4. Firewall
\f1 \
The firewall settings were difficult. In the end i had to continue without implementing them correctly.\
\

\f0 5. Code generation
\f1 \
To generate the code with ChatGPT i used the prompt in the repository. Unfortunately, the outcome could not be used successfully and a friend (who used the same prompt for chatGTP to generate) provided me with his code which then worked.\
\

\f0 6. Solution
\f1 \
The final Solution can be found here Link: https://dt-assignment1.bubbleapps.io/version-test?debug_mode=true\
\
}